[CNI] Added content for BFD and Argo for Packets (#3258)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/network-interconnect/src/content/about/argo-for-packets.md

---
pcx-content-type: concept
---

# Argo for Packets

Argo for Packets provides IP layer network optimizations to supercharge your Cloudflare network services products like [Magic Transit](https://developers.cloudflare.com/magic-transit/), [Magic WAN](https://developers.cloudflare.com/magic-wan/), and [Cloudflare for Offices](https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-for-offices/).

> Argo for Packets dynamically chooses the best possible path through Cloudflare's network and looks at every path back from every Cloudflare datacenter back to your origin, down to the individual network path. Argo compares existing Layer 4 traffic and network analytics across all of these unique paths to determine the fastest, most available path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argo for Packets dynamically chooses the best possible path through Cloudflare's network and looks at every path back from every Cloudflare data center back to your origin, down to the individual network path. Argo compares existing Layer 4 traffic and network analytics across all of these unique paths to determine the fastest, most available path.
```

> Customers with multiple locations will especially benefit from Argo for Packets because it optimizes the trickiest paths on the Internet and makes them just as fast as the other paths. 

Reviewer: Instead of `trickiest` maybe `most congested`? Just not how I sure about calling a path tricky.
